you can see what Greg can do in a big
time gaming I mean that's exciting to
have as a quarterback and the whole team
gets excited when you got a guy like
that can can go get the ball up high and
he's a big guy he's strong and he's
athletic and just I mean you can see
what he can do against just the best
teams in sec sophomore wide receiver
Greg Childs opened eyes in Arkansas is
nationally televised game against
Georgia with two phenomenal catches but
it hasn't always been that easy for him
Greg's a great story because he really
struggled in spring and you know he had
things not going great not real going
real well for him and in the classroom
not going real well for him on the
practice field I think his parents did a
great job helping him they came up here
and took a bunch of time to really help
him and you know met with our coaches
and and Greg found out how much we
really care for him and love him and
want him on our team contemplating the
idea of even leaving the Razorback team
child's received some valuable advice
from a lifelong friend and teammate
since we are so close to know I put it
straight to him basically told him could
be in a baby man just toughen up and
come on I mean it's hard I told him it's
hard for us all we just got to go out
and do it every day I mean cuz you know
it's not gonna get no easier and you're
gonna do the same thing anywhere else so
you might as well just stay and work
hard here coming off summer workouts the
buzz was about how much childs had
improved his strength and ability and no
one's more excited than him to see it
paying off Homer anyone kind of talking
about the Dead Sea net well yes I mean I
got two minute phone call I had before
the game was over with a head like 50
missed calls and things people calling
me out the blue and when I was no trying
to take showers and stuff people texting
me and things like that Greg Childs
fault to be at SEC caliber this summer
he fought to be a better all-around
receiver and now he's fighting his way
right here into the end zone in
fayetteville for you are the College
Network I'm Justin Lewis